srna
Hello
dear guys position comrades
adult grandparents grandmother mom dad
dessert little sisters bros
I think the strength has already learned today
our guest does not even make sense
represent
know when i was little
I loved very much
this cartoon
cottage garage who guessed stones
Cheburashka
Cheburashka and his friends
and cheburashka and circus
adventures of Cheburashka
Kevlar Adventures
traffic jams second
yes this is barcelona
Cheburashka
it is gone
guys and maybe even many adults
very hard marks
tell me please
and who are you
no and they thought no now i'm gonna ask
without any irony I just wonder
learn a penalty
very expensive
people
which you are familiar with yourself from childhood
still
georgia question who is such a cheburashka
and
not everyone can answer it honestly
speaking really
maybe even just one person
can he answer
so here you can be yourself if successful
let's here
probably many of our faithful friends of theirs
parents and their maybe even grandmothers and
maybe even grandpa
it will be interesting to know
who can and world such
on this space
because I have been asking for so long
I didn't say a word
this law
they are waiting for you
share means
may not be taking away from us very
simple most likely you can me here
much just then
let's talk on another topic
come on maybe you are the pillars today
let's talk about how I would like to say
I think many guys
many guys
she can even
maybe kremlin cup maybe
it will be interesting to know
and even more wanted to match
when that is
what would you like to be when you grow up
need with a programmer
and let the organist from
in calculation but for god's sake
This choice of tour acts do not bring
Tyumen
literally in 20 minutes
as our program
had to go on the air
a cassette hit you
who spill
shine
perhaps the most mysterious
20th century km
it is beautiful
hey shield
now to her
insofar as
Tina
prosecutor
va